As with when you work with a raise whenever you work with sets and use for each You can also pass in
the key word this as a second argument to that method so go and show you that right now we'll do a new
set we'll do let's set new set and we'll go ahead and pass this or rates to the constructor like so.
And then after that I'm gonna go ahead and define an object called processor and it's going to have
an output and it's going to take value as an argument like so if I can just type it correctly and then
I'm just going to cancel it out log the value really simple.
And then after this method I'm going to add another method called process and it's going to take a data
set and inside of here I'm going to take that data set and I'm just going to loop through it with a
For Each loop and inside of here when I pass a function and it's going to be like so.
And inside of here I'm just going to invoke this output I can get this output is Vau like so and then
right now the way that the word this is it's not going to work it's not going to invoke the correct
method.
So what we need to do is set the key word correctly by passing in this as the second argument to this
method right here.
So now whenever I call process on processor like so impasse in my set it should work as expected and
it does it brings out one in two.
Now another way to do this is just use an arrow function because as we remember an arrow function inherits
the keyword this from its closest inclosing parent.
So in this case it would be equal to processor is what this would be equal to inside of an arrow function.
So I could just get rid of this right here and make an arrow function and then I could just return if
I wanted to I could just return.
But in this case will add curly braces.
Cancel the log or not cancel dot log.
You can just do this dot output and then Vau like so.
And that will work just as well and we don't even have to specify the key word this because of how the
arrow function works.